greetings and salutations and welcome to
illegitimate legends the show where I
talk about unusual item builds sometimes
on unusual champions today we are
playing a Shen build we are doing ap
Shen and I'm gonna get this out of the
way right now as good as this is if I'd
come up with this show like a year ago
this build would have been fantastic
this ap Shen back then my god enough of
the off-topic reminiscing ap shin what's
he got he has swords swords in yo face
you wouldn't think it's a great her ass
it's not that much damage I mean at
level 5 and at level 5 you're not really
harassing but at level 5 it only deals
220 damage and it only has a 0.45 AP
ratio
but
it is better than it seems because it's
got a really really short cooldown so
our early game it's actually fantastic
if you stack up that ability as fast as
you can it's so community really
consisting totally damaged and at the
same time can provide you and your team
with decent healing it's always nice
what else does a patient have he has a
shield it's called faint it's kind of
really really really good I don't pick
it up to level 4 oddly enough because at
earlier levels the shield isn't very
good and more importantly without it
much ap the shield is a very good it
doesn't provide that much extra defense
however is always enough I just there
are very few situations that you can't
get out of through correct use of fans
because it will just block ton of damage
another really important aspect of it is
faint increases the it reduces the
cooldown of your passive key strike
which is extra damage based on your
players bonus health
it
gives you decrease cool down on that
every time you attack while it's
currently active it's see where I'm
getting having difficulty voting that
basically when it's on if you attack it
takes off 1.5 I think it can get up to
two seconds of the active cooldown of
Keystone which normally has a cool down
hole I believe 10 seconds might be eight
but
it's kiss considering all the ways you
can reduce it to cool down attacking
champions and attacking anything while
paint is active yeah it's you'll never
have the food last you have shadow dash
shadow dash is a range torch it's not
very long direction on the tortoise or
now you could say that it's not that
great but the torque is amazing slowing
down enemies you take only half damage
from them while they're tortured which
is always a nice touch and it can deal
damage their consumption have got a
shadow dash kill really really fun all
of shells abilities have a point 5 ap
ratio except for his ultimate which
probably all seen each other thoughts to
target allied champion giving them a
massive shield in the process level 5
it's 550 shield a level by what am I
talked about level 3
however it has a 1.5 AP ratio which
means you get a small amount of AP you
can easily give an ant argot Ally 1,000
sheep 1,000 extra help I've doubled the
health of a Trinity
a little call back
he wasn't even that injured to begin
with and suddenly shield suddenly
everyone's kind of dead really really
useful also as soon as you've teleported
in you want to be talked as for this
builds
I find that it's not very different to a
traditional Shen the only difference is
you want to poke a lot more because you
can your sword hurts a lot so you want
to be early game you want to be dashing
into range than throwing your sword or
throwing your sword and dashing out of
range using your veins to soak up any
damage that you might tank
other than that other than the extra
damage is still essentially want to play
like a tank now you will die a lot
faster than normally would as tank
because you're not one but you'll deal a
lot more damage and you'll have your
essentially two things you're a burst
tank and burst damage because you've got
two abilities which get surprising
amounts of damage and fire off
relatively rapidly you saw it you can
throw about every four and a half
seconds so you've got high burst damage
but you've also got high burst tankiness
because you've got a shield and a shield
for an ally more importantly the shield
it can suck up considerable I'll evel's
and high a people lemons happy numbers
it can suck up considerable amounts of
damage for you but it is only temporary
so you're not a tank all the time it's
it's interesting you end up playing like
a tank for dealing considerable
considerable burst damage not enough to
take out a lot of champions on your own
but because your Shen you don't do a lot
of taking our champions on her
as for item build I go boots first
because I like being able to run fast
and being able to run in and throw your
sword off really really helpful then I
get a ride as crystal scepter followed
by rabbit on staff cap that gets you the
AP you need to start doing some
phenomenal things up until you get AP
the sword is really the only useful
ability they can have a sword in the
face but other than the CC of the taunt
nothing else is super effective then
what I get varies a lot if they got a
high physical damage team I'll get his
undies hourglass if I want to get more
damage output out I'll get a lich bane
because it syncs so nicely with key
strike a strike is a really really
powerful past
I've toyed with a lot of things that's
it really comes down to situation you've
got three items that you really want to
get first rather's crystal scepter
because health and AP is good and grab
it on staff capitalist AP is what it's
all about everything after that it's a
very player's choice built Shen can do a
lot of things and with the right items
you can shift even more food to do
things slightly differently but you
always end up playing like a Shan it's a
fun build I quite enjoy it's certainly
viable of handsome very very good
schools it does trail off an
effectiveness toward the late game
except for your alts your old however
will stay insanely good it will piss the
out of your team enemy not guilty
anyone piss off your team my name is
Artem er this has been a pension and
illegitimate legends thank you and good
night